docs(astro): Add multi-framework example for $organizationStore (#1438)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/organization-store.mdx

## How to use the `$organizationStore` store

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `$organizationStore` store to access the [`Organization`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) object, which allows you to access the current active organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the `$organizationStore` store to access the [`Organization`](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization){{ target: '_blank' }} object, which allows you to access the current active organization.
```

    </div>
    <div v-else-if="organization === null">
      <!-- Add logic to handle no active organization state -->
    </div>
    <div v-else>
      <p>This current organization is {{ organization.name }}</p>
    </div>
  </template>
  ```

  ```svelte {{ filename: 'organization.svelte' }}
  <script>
    // The $ prefix is reserved in Svelte for its own reactivity system.
    // Alias the imports to avoid conflicts.
    import { $organizationStore as organization } from '@clerk/astro/client'
  </script>

  {#if $organization === undefined}
    <!-- Add logic to handle loading state -->
  {:else if $organization === null}
    <!-- Add logic to handle no active organization state -->
  {:else}
    <div>
      <p>This current organization is {$organization.name}</p>
    </div>
  {/if}
  ```
</CodeBlockTabs>

## Paginating data

The following example demonstrates how to implement pagination for organization memberships. The `memberships` state will be populated with the first page of the organization's memberships. When the "Previous page" or "Next page" button is clicked, the `fetchMemberships` function will be called to fetch the previous or next page of memberships.

> You can implement this pattern to any Clerk function that returns a [`ClerkPaginatedResponse`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/types/clerk-paginated-response#clerk-paginated-response) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement this pattern to any Clerk function that returns a [`ClerkPaginatedResponse`](/docs/references/javascript/types/clerk-paginated-response#clerk-paginated-response){{ target: '_blank' }} object.
```
